fix: update EN text for browser_action warning for browser_style (#29847)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/browser_action/index.md

        <p>Optional, defaulting to <code>false</code>.</p>
        <div class="notecard warning">
          <p>

>             Do not set <code>browser_style</code> to true: it's not supported in Manifest V3, starting with Firefox 118. See <a href="/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Browser_styles#manifest_v3_migration">Manifest V3 migration for <code>browser_style</code></a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Do not set <code>browser_style</code> to true: it isn't supported in Manifest V3, starting with Firefox 118. See <a href="/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Browser_styles#manifest_v3_migration">Manifest V3 migration for <code>browser_style</code></a>.
```
